[c-6169] updating brands api docs with introduction (#127)
trycourier/docs: versioned_docs/version-2.0.0/reference/brands/intro.mdx

---
sidebar_position: -1
sidebar_label: Introduction
pagination_label: Brands API
slug: ./
---

import Image from "@theme/IdealImage";

# Brands API

> The Brands API lets you Get, Post, Put, Delete Brands programmatically. Brands are reusable email templates with custom headers and footers that let you build a single email notification that can be used for multiple brands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Brands API lets you read, write and create brands programmatically. Brands are themed email templates with custom headers and footers that can be applied to any notifications. Updates to a brand are immediately applied to all notifications that use that brand automatically.
```

> The Brands API lets you read, write and create brands programmatically. Brands are themed email templates with custom headers and footers that can be applied to any notifications. Updates to a brand are immediately applied to all notifications that use that brand automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Brands API lets you read, write and create brands programmatically. Brands are themed email templates with custom headers and footers that can be applied to any notifications. Updates to a brand are immediately applied any notifications using that brand automatically.
```
